events/m4: Add meeting notes (#61)
open-education-hub/open-education-hub-site: website/docs/events/m4.md

A teacher creates an assignment in Moodle and that's it.

### Repository Walkthrough

#### Operating Systems - Teo

TD: We have all the content in the [Operating Systems repository](https://GitHub.com/open-education-hub/operating-systems).
It's rendered [using Docusaurus](https://open-education-hub.GitHub.io/operating-systems/) as Sergiu has just explained.

TD: Some of the things to note about the content are first that slides are embedded into the website [like so](https://open-education-hub.GitHub.io/operating-systems/Lecture/Software-Stack).
These slides are stored in Markdown format in the repository on GitHub and then "compiled" and rendered on this website so anyone can browse them.

TD: Another thing to note is related to our assignments.
We have 5 up to now and we're planning to keep adding assignments so that at some point we may choose a given number of them at the start of the semester and use those for evaluation.
All assignments are graded via the new VMChecker that Sergiu has also touched on.

TD: Now moving back to the repository, RăzvanN told you that students are encouraged to contribute.
We award cryptocurrency rewards for this, namely SmileyCoins.

> Initially, we're doing this manually, but for tracking we-re also assigning labels to these PRs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initially, we're doing this manually, but for tracking, we're also assigning labels to these PRs.
```

> Being just a token coin, the amounts we're awarding are still also symbolic: 1 and 5, depending on the PR's complexity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Being just a token coin, the amounts we're awarding are symbolic: 1 and 5, depending on the PR's complexity.
```

RD: Keep in mind that the rendered website is produced automatically from the GitHub repository.

> TD: yes, when a contribution is made to the GitHub repository, there is an automated system in place that publishes the updated version of the website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TD: Yes, when a contribution is made to the GitHub repository, there is an automated system in place that publishes the updated version of the website.
```

RD: Yes.
We will integrate all sorts of renderers that allow this.
We didn't have the time yet for this.

---

Cătălin: Do you have the option to change the theme?

RD: Yes, `reveal-md` allows this.
We propose here more of a methodology, the outcome itself is now not the best it can be, but it works.
We can make it look prettier.

---

Cătălin: Will the system support raw HTML?

RD: Yes.

---

Dragoș: Let's say I'm a student, the teacher created a content, can I download the content?

RD: Yes, everything is in a repository.

---

Bogdan: What you presented are entire courses.
Could it work for some educational content (not an entire course).

RD: There is going to be a central repository that contains all of them.
Afterwards you make a copy/fork and take the course.
Any sort of teaching content should be here.
The process should apply anywhere.
Children, highschool teachers, trainers, anybody.
Based on the config, you choose what to extract from an entire topic.

---

Costin Carabaș: Do you have support for different languages?

RD: Not currently, we want the content to be internationalizable.
Now it's in English because it was the most appropriate one to start with.

> Some might complain about this, but in the future, we will make all items internationalizable?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some might complain about this, but in the future, we will make all items internationalizable.
```

VN: There were some questions about self-hosting the generated content behind a reverse proxy (Nginx / Apache).
Since the output is a static website, it can be pulled from the GitHub repository and put behind a reverse proxy (or the content can be built locally and published).

RD: Infrastructure is useful to be used outside the educational environments.
There were people who were looking to easily update their website.
It’s a non-trivial problem to do website updates.
You could go for wikis (but they are rather content centric).
Static site generators (SSGs) such as Docusaurus (see list here: <https://jamstack.org/generators/>) are very useful for this.
And they can be easily backed by GitHub, i.e. using the collaborative model.

RD: People will not work with Git in the command-line.
But the Git web interface is excellent for editing.
A flow that isn’t concerned with Git, but a web interface or overlay on top of Git would be good.

RD: Based on the point above, we need “tooling” - interfaces that ease up the creation, management and update of content sites (not necessarily educational).
Quite a lot of people would benefit from

> a. being able to do it (it’s not that easy),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a. being able to do it (it’s not that easy)
```
Why use `a` and `b` instead of '1.'?

> b. having the benefits of Git / GitHub,
> collaboration, version control, multiple items, reviews.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
b. having the benefits of Git / GitHub, collaboration, version control, multiple items, and reviews.
```

TB: There are two parts: passion / genuine interest, and the other one is fear.

DB: The use of Kahoot.
It as a competitive metric.

JK: My university tried the flip classroom.

CR: University encourage people to appreciate their differences, particularly in social sciences.

OM: Stop patching the system instead of coming up with a new ideology.

CR: Students learning to coordinate.
Of course, the students may forget a lot of what they learned.
But coordination is important.
I would say the most gain of a university is this interaction.
You're not ready for the job market.

LB: Can we have a common way to get more people engaged during classes?

DB: I was more attracted to a topic taught by a teacher I like.

MA: The idea would be to personalized learning.

CC: My goal when teaching is for them to understand what I'm saying.
And how to make them think correctly about economics.
Trade off between

CR: Maybe rather than speak about needs, make students learn about items is meaningful.
It has to be have meaning.

LB: People matter.
Content matters.
The relationship between students and professor

ES: In academia, we tend to use metrics.

> How to do we install students the why, the reason why it's relevant, a more emotional argument.
> 
> Social sciences require
> 
> Quizzes and asking questions keep students engaged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How do we incentivize students to think about the "why" - the reason why something it's relevant?

Quizzes and asking questions keep students engaged.
```
